Update Roku, add Infuse and MrMC (#377)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/clients/index.md

- [GitHub](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-expo)

### Infuse for iOS/Apple TV

> A third party client with direct play capabilities for many formats, with HDR Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A third party client with HDR support and direct play capabilities for multiple formats.
```

This one sounds better imo
